Feature metrics (#450)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

> FEATURES:
> * Metrics: add metrics-merging capability to consul-sidecar. When enabled via the `-enable-metrics-merging` flag, it will host
>   a server that will expose an endpoint that merges the app and proxy metrics. The flags `-merged-metrics-port`, `-service-metrics-port` and
>   `-service-metrics-path` can be used to configure the server port, and the metrics path on the application service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FEATURES:
* Metrics: add metrics configuration to inject-connect and metrics-merging capability to consul-sidecar. When metrics and metrics merging are enabled, the consul-sidecar will expose an endpoint that merges the app and proxy metrics. The flags `-merged-metrics-port`, `-service-metrics-port` and
  `-service-metrics-path` can be used to configure the merged metrics server and the application service metrics endpoint.
```
